Hello everyone! I occasionally watch TV shows as programs who talks about healthy life, famous, gossip or actualitty but I considered it is most important the information for me.I normally watch the news or some sports or documentaries and when I want to watch any movies or series I usually watch on internet.
The Tv always is present because when I wake up and have a breakfast turn on the TV for accompany. In the lunch, snack or dinner always watch too.
I´m watching the 26 (Twenty six) channel from the capital city Buenos Aires Argentina who also show the news of Argentina and the world it has a short documentaries very importants wich for example shows the contamination of the planet.
When I at work always watch the channel at night because I have nocturne time.They show politic, economy, general information, internationals, espectacules, sports, social networks and advances technologicals.
There is a program from Monday to Friday at 12:00 (Twelve) AM to 03:00 (three) AM in live where they talk about the news´s day and have interviews with Argentines in the world and also I watch a segment informative where they talk to the Russia-Ukraine war and Israel-Hamas war.
Other program who see sometimes on History Channel is the Ancestrals Alienigens where talk about the Aliens in the past but the program I think that sometimes has a little conspiracies.
I watch some sports as football, tennis, rugby or basquetball in live on the TV and at work too.
When I want watch a movie generally of mistery I navigate on internet to Pelisplus.com (pelisplus dot com) page where is a lot of movies, series or animes and it is free to watch but the quality there isn´t good sometimes.
Occasionally I listen to the radio on internet in the channel´s youtube where play national rock music and i like it very much.
When I want to see the weather I see on my smartphone which also always is with me.
As you see the screens are a lot of part of my life and I don´t have a social life!
I think that I don´t escape me to the reality but I considerer that I be an observer to the reality. I hope I´m going to change !!!
Thanks you very much for you attention. See you next time.
 
