ISIS-K attack in Moscow highlights growing terror threat from Afghanistan:

The terrorist attack on Moscow's Crocus City concert hall was the worst attack in Russia in over 20 years, leaving 137 people dead and over 180 wounded, and reminds Russia and the West that the threat from ISIS and international terrorism hasn't gone away.
Gunmen, identified by Russian media as Tajik nationals, entered the concert hall with automatic weapons and indiscriminately opened fire in the 6,200-seat venue. The Islamic State's affiliate in Afghanistan, known as the Islamic State in Khorasan Province (ISIS-K), claimed responsibility for the brutal attack on concertgoers. 
While the ISIS caliphate that spanned across Iraq and Syria was largely defeated by the U.S. and its mostly Kurdish ally there, the Afghan chapter of ISIS has been one of the most active post-caliphate branches. It was responsible for the suicide attack on Kabul airport in August 2021 that killed 13 American service members amid the U.S. withdrawal from Afghanistan.


ISIS-K attack in Moscow highlights growing terror threat from Afghanistan:

The MSN portal at www.msn.com/en-us says that the terrorist attack on Moscow´s Crocus city concert hall was the worst attack
in Russia in over 20 years, leaving 137 people dead and over 180 wounded and remembering at Russia and occident that 
threat from ISIS and intenational terrorism hasn´t gone.

Gunmen, who was identified by Russian media as Tajik nationals, entered the concert hall with automatic weapons and opened
fire in the 6,200-seat venue. The Islamic State´s affiliate in Afghanistan (ISIS-K) claimed responsibility for the brutal
attack.

The ISIS califhate that spanned across Iraq and Siria was largely defeated by the U.S. and their Kurdish´s ally, the Afghan chapter of ISIS, has been one of the most active post-caliphate branches.

The ISIS was responsible for the suicide attack on Kabul airport in August 2021 killing 13 American service members in the
middle the U.S. withdrawl from Afghanistan.

 


