Unit 1:


Hello everyone. I´m ready!

Hello everyone! I´m Ariel, I´m from Argentina, I´m balancer and study Data Science.
I´m interested to learn English for my career.
For have a good level of English B1 I consider that is necessary make a excercices (write, read and speak) and known the grammar.

I think that the latest news that have caught my attention was the war Ukrayne-Russia and the Covid-19.

For help to my community I would changing to the industries who using a petroleum as combustible and I would bring a electric cars.

I would make more green spaces planting trees because improving the quality of air.

If we will start to harvest our own food, I think that the people would be more healthy and more human.

* I wrote about the air contamination of my city.
* I considerer that eliminate the dependence of oil and gas, the environmental impact will be less.

I think that the skills who help me in the activitie were the grammar, write and read.


Unit 2:


I think if you have plans for visiting other country, you need known the culture and traditions.

I would have been programer if i hadn´t left the carrer.
If I hadn´t studied English, I wouldn´t have been able to speak, write and read in this language.

For me, the biggest and most significant invention in humankind history has been the language because since the 
hominid the language has been evolutioning.

Margaret Hamilton (1936). In the moon landing of Apolo 11, the first woman engineer of software, she had in charged
to design a software that had functioned the command module and the lunar module.She was the person who avoided 
the failure of mission.

I spoke of my economic independence, It´s very important because I had to grow.
The abillities who help me were the grammar, speak, read, listen and write in English.


Unit 3:

Chess´s winner player direct speech: " I´m very glad ; an a hapiness for me because never had played against he".

Reported speech: He said that he was very glad  and was a hapiness for his because he never had played against Magnus Carlsen.


Chess´s winner player direct speech: " If I lose in this position I have to withdraw of chess.

Reported speech: He said that if he lose in his position, He had to withdraw of chess.



Crime of the hairdresser of Recoleta.

On 20th March of 2024, Germán Medina was shot on his head after to have has a discussing with Abel Guzmán, who was his colorist of hair salon.

German haven´t possibilty to scape and dead in a few minutes later that arrived the ambulance, was 33 years old colorist that dominated various specialties in the materia wich balayage, babylights, etc.

Abel Guzmán fleed trough the window with a backpack and everithing was been filmed.

Abel is wanted for the police and be suspicion that stay in other Province or was  suicided.


Neuralink was founded in 2016 by Elon Musk.
Neuralink is a company from United States wich is experimenting  devices in the brain of patients who having neurological disabilities.
The company seeks a total symbiosis by atificial inteligence.
Since varius months a patient received a brain chip and can plays chess only using his thoughts.
The people will has telephaty by this type of devices.

The notice that I choosed was the past terrorist atack in Russia on 22th March.

The information that I highligted was the numbers of dead and hurt people and the implication of ISIS in the brutal attack.

The language skills that I used were the write, read and the grammar.


Unit 4:


So I read on newspaper a the man, who was a heroe, talking about his experiences as a policeman.

The poor woman, whose had a baby in her arms and in a shock, just wanted attention to her baby.

The policeman found in the house a baby without a reaction and as drowned and make a maneuvers for revive it, wich the maneuvers given effect and the baby started to cry and breathe.

At 10:00 a.m., when arrived the ambulance, was assisted for a doctor and transferred to the hospital.

At the Municipal hospital, where the ambulance took a baby, the doctor discharged him hours later.

I think that first the transition of reduce the meat consumer is a important step for the planet, later replace 
for cultured meat  and consume more vegetables would perfect.

I chose a history of a boy who make a community dinning room in his house.
The history is incredible and relevant because help a boys for have a snack while can´t in his houses.

The skills that help me were write, read and the grammar.



